App stops scanning barcodes if power button is pressed while barcode information is displayed
1. Scan a QR address code 2. While the "Found contact info" dialog is visible, tap the power button to put the phone in standby mode (NOTE: apologies; I don't know the technical term for the mode but I'm referring to "the mode where you can put the phone in your pocket; it's still on but the UI won't respond until you press the top button again and enter your login pattern") 3. Tap the power button again to display the phone's login pattern screen 4. Enter login pattern. The barcode app reappears, but the "Found contact info dialog is not visible. 5. Attempt to scan a barcode; the barcode will not scan. It is as if the program thinks the dialog is still open, but the dialog is not visible. When the phone awakens from standby and I log in, I expect to be returned to the barcode dialog screen that was previously visible. What version of the product are you using? On what operating system? Barcode Scanner v3.21, Nexus One, Kernel 2.6.29-01117-g4bc62c2 Good bug, thanks! Status: AcceptedOwner: dswit...@google.com Most of what you describe is by design, though we could change it. In general the app always returns you to the scanning screen when it comes back, from sleep or another app or anything. This avoids some confusing situations where, for example, the user left while picking a contact to share. Coming to BS and seeing contacts is odd. I think we could remove this behavior in this one case though, for the case of the Intent that shows scan results. Daniel thoughts? I wasn't able to reproduce the rest of this though, I was able to scan and rescan the same code after waking, without trouble. I'm on a Hero. I did repro this on Nexus. What happens is you go back to the scanning screen but autofocus isn't running and image processing does not appear to be running. This is a genuine bug. The core issue here is part 5 from the OP. Daniel do you think your last change for Acer fixed this one? Yup this is exactly the case I fixed. Status: Fixed