Update broke app on my Incredible?
1. Open app 2. Won't scan a barcode other than QRCode What is the expected output? Used to scan everything up close What do you see instead? Instant zoom and constantly trying to focus and doesn't focus into barcode What version of the product are you using? 51 On what operating system? HTC Sense Android 2.1 Before the 51 update, I could scan any barcode at a close distance. I noticed a new behavior with v51 - when I open the app it automatically zooms the camera. I think the problem I am having is that it's too far zoomed in, so when it tries to focus, it can't because barcodes are not clear enough to scan, unless I hold them about 9-12" away, and at that point the app gets confused with other product lines on the packaging. I'm not technical when it comes to programming apps, but I wanted to let you know that I haven't been able to use this app on my HTC Incredible since upgrading to the 51 version, and think the zoom or focus is the problem. Similar problem on MyTouch3G, android 1.6 stock T-Mobile version. App worked great until last update now auto-focus keeps trying to focus on barcode (QR on screen from market and book UPC used as test) and won't read it, but most times if I go into the app's menu and change a setting (enable or disable 1D codes for example) it will then scan and read the barcode. Problem seems independent of code being scanned. This seems specific to new, Sense-based devices -- have heard this in regards the MyTouch too. For example the N1 is fine, and a Hero with 1.5 is fine. I think we have a workaround so anyone willing to try a new build can contact me off- list. Update to 3.3 broke most QR scanning on my Droid (2.1). It continuously zooms in and out. It's in focus at times, and even puts green highlights on the big corner squares, but seems hung in an infinite loop. This happens for Google business card I got at the ISEF in San Jose last week, and a Google add on the back cover of Business Week. I tried in various lighting conditions, but no change. It did work on a BTWD poster at Google HQ, though. There are lots of comments about the problem in the Android Market reviews. Issue 413 has been merged into this issue. Similar issue reported on reddit (http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/c8gl3/barcode_scanner_doesnt_work_on_cyanog enmod_v507/). My fix (which worked for others) was to go into Settings and not change anything. Scanning worked after exiting from Settings. Info: Phone: HTC Dream/G1 rooted Barcode Scanner: v51 Mod: CyanogenMod-5.0.7-DS Build number: EPE54B It's not actually related. It's a race condition in restarting the scanning activity. Anything which restarts it spins the roulette wheel again. Marking fixed since 3.3.1 beta is up and appears to fix this on all affected devices. Status: FixedOwner: srowen